what's going on everybody Jason here so
today I'm gonna be reviewing a doll that
I've never reviewed before and it is an
our generation doll I actually have
purchased one of these dolls before just
because I was curious because they're
super inexpensive and I thought you know
I love 18 inch dolls so why not
you know just buy it and try it out and
you know if you like it you like if you
don't you don't and I love it and I also
noticed that on mommy's doll corner she
she told me to look into these dolls a
little more and after watching her
review of her retro our generation doll
I I fell in love with the whole concept
I had no idea that our generation dolls
were we're doing what they were actually
doing for the for the community and for
the for young girls and stuff it says
here on the side up says the power of a
girl every our generation doll or
accessory you buy gives a portion of
sales to free the children's power of a
girl initiative find out how you and
your proceeds over time are changing the
world at oh gee dolls calm that is
awesome and I'm all about positive
change and progress and moving forward
and I'm even more excited now to know
that I have two of these dolls in my
collection because I have helped you
know I've helped them with their cause
and I that is incredible because when
you see these dolls just standing on the
shelves you really just don't have an
idea you don't really know you just
think oh it's just another 18 inch doll
with a bunch of cute accessories and
some pets and some mini dolls and you
know just random little knickknacks to
go along with the doll but now you know
it's apparent that I'm gonna buy more of
these because they serve a purpose and
that is so awesome to me so we're going
to get along with this review this doll
is her name
Kendra and one of the main reasons why I
bought her is because I love redheaded
dolls I don't know what it is but I love
them and I love freckles and I love blue
eyes and she has all of that she has
this beautiful red hair he's beautiful
like teal blue eyes and freckles that
just trickle across her face I'm gonna
take her out of the box and we're gonna
get a more detailed review of our
generation bye so I have removed Kendra
from her packaging and had the brush out
her hair a little bit to get rid of that
box hair but these dolls are awesome and
I also brought out this one this is the
first one that I had bought she was a
dark skinned doll and you guys know how
much I love my dark skinned babies these
these dolls are awesome they're so cool
I just wanted to bring her out and show
you that now I have two in my collection
and after this video there's really no
telling how many more I'm going to have
but anyway Kendra she has this beautiful
blue this really beautiful navy blue
headband with a bow on it I'll you know
before I go any further with her outfit
the hair on these dolls is is really
thick like it's super thick it's rooted
it's not wigged a lot of people compare
these dolls to American Girl dolls and
there's there's no you know there's
there's no reason to even compare them
because they're just they're two totally
different dolls they're two totally
different style dolls and just because
this one has rooted hair and it's sold
at Target it doesn't mean that it is any
less of a doll or any less of a good
doll I think they're awesome and I think
you know at the price they're 2499 like
for what you get with these dolls I
think these are great um for $24.99 you
you get a really beautiful 18 inch doll
that has
you know has the the cloth body just the
torso the legs and everything else is
not cloth but good hair inexpensive
accessories
inexpensive outfits yeah they're super
cool I love them they're so beautiful
but ya get a good look at her she's so
awesome and I really love these knit
booties and the little skirt and the
striped top yeah she's she's a cutie and
she's gonna be one of my favorites I can
already tell but yeah guys what are your
thoughts um yeah
thanks thanks mommy at mommy's doll
corner for uh for informing all of us
about the awesomeness that these our
generation girls are doing for for the
world
I've definitely plan on buying more so
you have definitely enabled me in doing
that guys do you have any our generation
girls do you like them I love them let
me know in the comments below don't
forget to Like comment subscribe to
share another I love you and I want you
to stay awesome adios amigos bye